# Base

- Musts
  - [x] Provide 100% correct results even in the face of transient network or infrastructure faults.
  - [x] Be cost efficient.
  - [x] Be scalable enough to provide stable throughput in face of variable load.

- For any custom code
  - [ ] proper hosting environment must be chosen and tradeoffs discussed (e.g. Azure Functions, App Service, AKS)
  - [ ] For each high-level operation implemented by this custom code (e.g. REST API endpoints), properly document all dependencies (including transitive) on other custom components and Azure services.
  - [ ] Discuss your solution's limits and trade-offs.
  - [ ] For all diagrams, make sure to also provide textual descriptions for data flows, dependencies, data schemas, assumptions etc.etc.

# Developer Teams Requirements

- [ ] describe domain for Cloud Platform Team - well versed in C#, Golang and most Azure services. They should develop the core functionality for collecting and storing the log dumps as well as infrastructure for other teams to run their algorithms.
- [ ] describe domain for Machine Learning Engineering Team - developed anomaly detection algorithm
- [ ] anomaly detection algorithm is stateful and requires that all log dumps from a single device are processed in-order - provide guidance:
- [ ] how to integrate it into the whole system.
- [ ] How the algorithm will be triggered?
- [ ] Where it will be running?
- [ ] How the state will be retrieved and persisted?
- [ ] Will the state be cached in memory?
- [ ] describe domain for Service Support Application Team - The Service Support Application Team has good skills in enterprise integration and application development but they lack knowledge of cloud and big data streaming architectures.
- [ ] Provide them with suitable data sources/APIs and guidance on how to run their app.

# Constraints

- [ ] Choose 3 metric types (counter, upDownCounter, async counter, async upDownCounter, gauge, histogram) and define metrics that would enhance the observability of the system. The definition should include Name, Kind, Description, and Unit (if applicable).

- Choose one endpoint of the web application and:
  - [ ] describe the trace of a request
  - [ ] Draw a simple flame graph. Provide a sample JSON representation of each span, containing all required information to build the trace
  - [ ] Include a few attributes you find valuable to capture (you don't need to include every attribute that is recommended by OpenTelemetry).

- Describe why the system can hadle
  - [ ] Maximum number of devices expected: 100 000.
  - [ ] Maximum number of locations: 1000 (devices are evenly distributed across locations).
  - [ ] Log collection period: 6 hours during night, 30 minutes during day
  - [ ] Size of single log dump: 100 KiB - 1 GiB.
  - [ ] CPU time required per 1 MiB of logs: 0.5 seconds.
  - [ ] Hold device data for at least 90 days

# Bonuses

- [ ] 1. Devices and technicians are distributed across 6 regions around the world. How the architecture will change?
- [ ] 2. Optimize the costs of storage of log dumps in your system under following assumptions ...
- [ ] 3. The Service Support App Team would like to add new functionality to their application: Listing all devices in single location. Can you provide them with such data so they do not need to integrate inefficiently with the third party REST API?
